follow butch Patrick on a fantastic trip
through the Phantom Tollbooth where
nothing is real but your imagination to
Dictionopolis where words are weird
words in a word are fantastic you can
influence and freedom the priam
emphasize them and despise them Digita
palace where figures are freak numbers
can be added to subtracted from divided
into multi applied by crossed out and
erase climb the mountains of ignorance
where dreams become nightmares we have
nothing to worry about
and the monsters are magnificent it's
such a latinus giant pass through the
Phantom Tollbooth and into the magic
world of your mind
rated Gene